README.md, before:

# 3D-printing-info

## Useful 3D printing information.  This repo has been created and maintained over a period of 8 years or more.

## If you find this repository of use and would like to offer me a tip for creating and maintaining it then please feel free to buy me a coffee via paypal:

### [Friendly coffee donation here](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=R3DFLDWT2PFC4)

# THANKS and ENJOY!!!

[Invite PrinterShameBot Discord bot to your discord](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1459775088017670410&permissions=2147600384&integration_type=0&scope=bot+applications.commands)

- Please note you can find a guide to setting up OBS Studio with [A lovely UI for temperature displays here](https://github.com/oernster/3D-Printer-Launcher)  

# --Contents of repository/layout--

## FAQs: 

Bambu and Voron Frequently asked questions.
## browser-bookmarks: 

A large curated over 6+ years set of Voron and other 3D printing bookmark/favourites resources, importable into your favourite browser.
## diagrams-schematics: 

A number of useful diagrams and common schematics used by Voron printers in one handy location to save you scouring the internet.
## guides: 

Numerous guides and similar resources describing how to use Shake n Tune, drying, slicer choices, adhesion, levelling well and other useful things.
## handy-linux-commands: 

Debian/raspbian, commonly used by Voron users, linux commands that I can never remember so I put them in one place.
## printers: 

Configs for all of my printers, past and present; specifically my Vorons.  Also some useful other reference data and a summary of the upgrades that I have performed on my Voron Trident 350
## recommendations: 

Highly recommended curated list of tools for 3D printing, electrical items and also my personal filament experiences.
## stls: 

My personal collections of STLs from various STL sites that I've curated over time along with links to many additional STL resources around the internet.

Commit message:

Add link to PrinterShameBot code in README

README.md, after:

# 3D-printing-info

## Useful 3D printing information.  This repo has been created and maintained over a period of 8 years or more.

## If you find this repository of use and would like to offer me a tip for creating and maintaining it then please feel free to buy me a coffee via paypal:

### [Friendly coffee donation here](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=R3DFLDWT2PFC4)

# THANKS and ENJOY!!!

[Invite PrinterShameBot Discord bot to your discord](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1459775088017670410&permissions=2147600384&integration_type=0&scope=bot+applications.commands)
[PrinterShameBot code can be found here](https://github.com/oernster/snark3Dprinter-discord-bot)

- Please note you can find a guide to setting up OBS Studio with [A lovely UI for temperature displays here](https://github.com/oernster/3D-Printer-Launcher)  

# --Contents of repository/layout--

## FAQs: 

Bambu and Voron Frequently asked questions.
## browser-bookmarks: 

A large curated over 6+ years set of Voron and other 3D printing bookmark/favourites resources, importable into your favourite browser.
## diagrams-schematics: 

A number of useful diagrams and common schematics used by Voron printers in one handy location to save you scouring the internet.
## guides: 

Numerous guides and similar resources describing how to use Shake n Tune, drying, slicer choices, adhesion, levelling well and other useful things.
## handy-linux-commands: 

Debian/raspbian, commonly used by Voron users, linux commands that I can never remember so I put them in one place.
## printers: 

Configs for all of my printers, past and present; specifically my Vorons.  Also some useful other reference data and a summary of the upgrades that I have performed on my Voron Trident 350
## recommendations: 

Highly recommended curated list of tools for 3D printing, electrical items and also my personal filament experiences.
## stls: 

My personal collections of STLs from various STL sites that I've curated over time along with links to many additional STL resources around the internet.
