guides/ShakeNTuneBriefIntro.md, before:

# Brief introduction to Shake 'n' Tune

### NOTE: A LIS2DW accelerometer will produce unpredictable results.  You ideally want an ADXL345 accelerometer.

### The RESULTS will be stored under MACHINE in mainsail in KShakeTune_Results 

## Order of events

1) Do your belts

2) Do your input shaping

2a) Remove unwanted resonances seen in input shaping graphs

2b) Rinse and repeat input shaping until resonances disappear that you do not want

3) Run vibrations graph generator

## BELTS

### 1) First off we need to get your belts tuned to be 110Hz on each belts

Methods include (all require that you turn off motors and move the gantry to 15cm/150mm from the front idlers):

a) Use a 3D printed and constructed GT2 tension meter; this: 

https://github.com/Diyshift/3D-Printer/blob/main/GT2%20Belt%20Tension%20Meter/Manual/GT2_Tensiometer_Manual.pdf

b) Use Spectroid (available on Android phones) and tune to 110Hz on left and right belt.

c) Use Gates carbon drive (available on apple and android phones)

d) Use a guitar tuning app and tune to the tone that is 110Hz

e) Use this online tone generator and use your ears if they are good enough: https://onlinetonegenerator.com/

### 2) Now that you've done that, home your printer and run the macro: COMPARE BELTWS RESPONSES.

a) You should be able to see (if you have a good starting point and tuned to 110Hz on each belt well) that you are almost getting 

two peaks which need to align (in purple and orange) or potentially two double peaks which need to align.

What you are after is the purple and orange peaks to be aligned and at the same height in an ideal world but if the amplitude differences

are not completely aligned it's not the end of the world.  Furthermore, in an ideal world you are after 90%+ similarity on the belts;

NOTE: The percentage similarity is less important than the shape of the graph; you are aiming for ideally a single joint peak.

NOTE2: For more assistance with SnT belts tuning and general resonance tuning there is a special channel available to those who have serialised their Voron printers on Discord.

When tuning the belts, you want to tighten by about 1/4 to 1/8th of a turn each time you adjust on either the B or A idler.

The B idler is on the left and the A idler is on the right.  Think of looking at your printer as like looking at a sheep; a sheep goes BAAAAAA, hence BA left to right.

Now, ignore the peak labels on the graphs, they are badly labelled - they are NOT your belts.  Your B belt is the orange graph, the purple one is your A belt.

### 3) Now run the AXES SHAPER CALIBRATION macro.  This will perform your input shaping.

Once you see the results for input shaping as a graph, typicallly if you see peaks around 40-50Hz this might be 

caused by binding so check your idlers and pulleys for too much tension and you may need to redo your belts at this point if you adjust tension here.

Other peaks that are unwanted can be tested by hand; what you need to do is insert the frequency, the time of run (I choose about 60 seconds) and the axis that is resonating 

on the input shaping graph that is producing said peak or peaks; you may need to excite multiple frequencies.

The macro to run is called: EXCITE AXIS AT FREQ; use the DROPDOWN.

Once you're done, take the recommended shaper for either performance or vibrations (I always take the best vibrations one; preferably 0.0% or 0.something%), frequency and damping ratio and add it to your printer.cfg (or at the base in the commented section if you 

have already saved one to replace that.

If you have greater than 1% vibrations on either IS graph (x or y) then you have hardware issues which I won't go into here.

You want to choose the lower of the two max recommended accels (x and y) for your outer walls on your slicer profile for printer with.

### 4) Once you've tuned everything

Run the macro CREATE VIBRATIONS PROFILE.

This will produce a set of useful graphs that you can study to improve your slicer settings.  Generally speaking you might want to choose a minimum speed to avoid vibrations in your slicer.

Apart from that, this section I will leave relatively limited I'm afraid for now as this is a new feature that I'm still getting familiar with myself; I'll update as I learn more.

Commit message:

Updates to SnT guide based on feedback from Frix.

guides/ShakeNTuneBriefIntro.md, after:

# Brief introduction to Shake 'n' Tune by Frix

### NOTE: A LIS2DW accelerometer will produce unpredictable results.  You ideally want an ADXL345 accelerometer.

### The RESULTS will be stored under MACHINE in mainsail in KShakeTune_Results 

## Order of events

1) Do your belts

2) Do your input shaping

2a) Remove unwanted resonances seen in input shaping graphs

2b) Rinse and repeat input shaping until resonances disappear that you do not want

3) Run vibrations graph generator

## BELTS

### 1) First off we need to get your belts tuned to be 110Hz on each belts

Methods include (all require that you turn off motors and move the gantry to 15cm/150mm from the front idlers):

a) Use a 3D printed and constructed GT2 tension meter; this: 

https://github.com/Diyshift/3D-Printer/blob/main/GT2%20Belt%20Tension%20Meter/Manual/GT2_Tensiometer_Manual.pdf

b) Use Spectroid (available on Android phones) and tune to 110Hz on left and right belt.

c) Use Gates carbon drive (available on apple and android phones)

d) Use a guitar tuning app and tune to the tone that is 110Hz

e) Use this online tone generator and use your ears if they are good enough: https://onlinetonegenerator.com/

### 2) Now that you've done that, home your printer and run the macro: COMPARE BELTWS RESPONSES.

DEEP DIVE HERE: https://github.com/Frix-x/klippain-shaketune/blob/main/docs/macros/belts_tuning.md

a) You should be able to see (if you have a good starting point and tuned to 110Hz on each belt well) that you are almost getting 

two peaks which need to align (in purple and orange) or potentially two double peaks which need to align.

What you are after is the purple and orange peaks to be aligned and at the same height in an ideal world but if the amplitude differences

are not completely aligned it's not the end of the world.  Furthermore, in an ideal world you are after 90%+ similarity on the belts;

NOTE: The percentage similarity is less important than the shape of the graph; you are aiming for ideally a single joint peak.

NOTE2: For more assistance with SnT belts tuning and general resonance tuning there is a special channel available to those who have serialised their Voron printers on Discord.

When tuning the belts, you want to tighten by about 1/4 to 1/8th of a turn each time you adjust on either the B or A idler.

The B idler is on the left and the A idler is on the right.  Think of looking at your printer as like looking at a sheep; a sheep goes BAAAAAA, hence BA left to right.

Now, ignore the peak labels on the graphs, they are badly labelled - they are NOT your belts.  Your B belt is the orange graph, the purple one is your A belt.
NOTE: The peak labelling is planned to be changed to Greek lettering to reduce confusion soon.

### 3) Now run the AXES SHAPER CALIBRATION macro.  This will perform your input shaping.

DEEP DIVE HERE: https://github.com/Frix-x/klippain-shaketune/blob/main/docs/macros/axis_tuning.md

Once you see the results for input shaping as a graph, typically if you see peaks starting around 0Hz this might be 

caused by binding (i.e. a low frequency signal) so check your idlers and pulleys for too much tension and you may need to redo your belts at this point if you adjust tension here.

Other peaks that are unwanted can be tested by hand; what you need to do is insert the frequency, the time of run (I choose about 60 seconds) and the axis that is resonating 

on the input shaping graph that is producing said peak or peaks; you may need to excite multiple frequencies.

The macro to run is called: EXCITE AXIS AT FREQ; use the DROPDOWN.

Once you're done, take the recommended shaper for either performance or vibrations (I always take the best vibrations one; preferably 0.0% or 0.something%), frequency and damping ratio and add it to your printer.cfg (or at the base in the commented section if you 

have already saved one to replace that.

If you have greater than 5% vibrations on either IS graph (x or y) then you may want to worry about your hardware a little.  The recommended shaper

is a combination of vibrations and smoothing at the recommended acceleration and most of the time smoothing is more important according to Frix.  You can always check and validate with a test print.

I've spoken to Frix and he says that the filter recommendation (performance) will be suitable for most scenarios in future and the vibrations shaper will be much more of a last resort choice.

You want to choose the lower of the two max recommended accels (x and y) for your outer walls on your slicer profile for printer with.

### 4) Once you've tuned everything

DEEP DIVE HERE: https://github.com/Frix-x/klippain-shaketune/blob/main/docs/macros/vibrations_profile.md

Run the macro CREATE VIBRATIONS PROFILE.

This will produce a set of useful graphs that you can study to improve your slicer settings.  Generally speaking you might want to choose a minimum speed to avoid vibrations in your slicer.

Apart from that, this section I will leave relatively limited I'm afraid for now as this is a new feature that I'm still getting familiar with myself; I'll update as I learn more.
